# Known Issues

*   **API Outages:** Occasionally, Anglian Water may take their API offline for maintenance or other reasons. During these outages, the integration or its entities may report as "unavailable" in Home Assistant. Currently, the integration does not actively handle these outages, but data readings should resume automatically as soon as the API becomes available again.
*   **Energy Dashboard Update Delays:** The Home Assistant Energy dashboard may not always update during the integration's configured refresh interval, even if the refresh was successful. A current workaround is to use the service call `anglian_water.force_refresh_statistics` to manually update the data in the Energy dashboard.
*   **Meter Reading Data Lag:** Anglian Water's smart meters are configured to report readings approximately once every 24 hours. This means that the meter readings provided by this integration may lag behind by up to one day. While the Home Assistant Energy dashboard is designed to handle this data lag correctly, individual sensors created by the integration might not. This is due to how Anglian Water has configured their smart meters, and not a limitation of this integration. Some users have reported more frequent updates, but this is not officially supported by Anglian Water and the reason for this is unknown.
**Important Note Regarding New App Logins:** It is currently unknown whether logins created using the *new* Anglian Water mobile application will work with this integration. This has not been thoroughly tested. If you are having trouble configuring the integration, please ensure you are using credentials that worked with the *older* Anglian Water app (if applicable).
